ci: adds release please configuration (#139)
microsoft/OpenApi.ApiManifest: CONTRIBUTING.md

format.
Each commit message consists of a __header__, an optional __body__ and an optional __footer__. The header is the first line of the commit and
MUST have a __type__ (see below for a list of types) and a __description__. An optional __scope__ can be added to the header to give extra context.

```
<type>[optional scope]: <short description>
<BLANK LINE>
<optional body>
<BLANK LINE>
<optional footer(s)>
```

The recommended commit types used are:

- __feat__ for feature updates (increments the _minor_ version)
- __fix__ for bug fixes (increments the _patch_ version)
- __perf__ for performance related changes e.g. optimizing an algorithm
- __refactor__ for code refactoring changes
- __test__ for test suite updates e.g. adding a test or fixing a test
- __style__ for changes that don't affect the meaning of code. e.g. formatting changes
- __docs__ for documentation updates e.g. ReadMe update or code documentation updates
- __build__ for build system changes (gradle updates, external dependency updates)
- __ci__ for CI configuration file changes e.g. updating a pipeline

> - __chore__ for miscallaneous non-sdk changesin the repo e.g. removing an unused file

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- __chore__ for miscallaneous non-sdk changes in the repo e.g. removing an unused file
```
